hey guys metal night here and today I
want to show you one of the coolest
Easter eggs in League of Legends um just
to prove to you that this is an easter
egg and I'm not editing the video
whatsoever I put you could see the time
down here clearly and you could also see
on the top right I will not be changing
this touching this whatsoever so that
will not change to prove to you that
this is in fact knee strike so currently
the North American server for League of
Legends is undefined which really sucks
and if you go to their website right now
you could read that we are aware of an
issue that may be causing the players to
disconnect from the pvp.net platform
blah blah blah so people can't connect
to the pvp.net popcorn so what this
glitch is is if you click anywhere on
the on the client so I'm going to click
right here because I don't want to click
up here because there's still the it's
basically the links are still here as
you can see my mouse changes so I'm
going to click down here and if i type
in there is no earth level i'm going to
type it in right now there is no earth
level boom the server is now magically
online and i can login um this is one of
the coolest easter eggs I've ever seen
in this game so far and i've been
playing league for a very long time just
to prove to you that this absolutely one
hundred percent works i am going to type
in my league of legends password and
login the only thing though is that i'm
going to hide the password this is the
only modification really i'm going to
make to the to the video itself because
i do not want to you guys to see how
long my password is I think that's
pretty fair
so I click login and even though I
wasn't supposed to login because the
servers are unavailable I am still
actually able to login so not only is
this a very neat and cool easter egg
it's also one of the one of the most
useful easter eggs I've seen today so
that's the end of this episode or this
this video sorry I hope you guys have
enjoyed this little easter egg and i'll
see you guys next time bye